hello and welcome to the soul calibur 5
member I'm Kane kuru kawaru or quark ask
how are you and we got veda on the Left
using Raphael right they glad juggernaut
right using us cook aboard so big lad
one his group of 18 seconds try to play
each other and just like box spring from
the way always by yeah right girls all
those characters apparently can sidestep
even some of his tractor who can
sidestep by easier in a much like this
is rakesh slow as shit if he's up close
just hitting buttons right the thing is
you've got me like I shrubs a charge
move right it looks like the country but
you should be able to sidestep but the
head monster Oh Ringo fuck you know yeah
the shoulder rush yeah super are ya
silly you can call me after you get some
extra damage place a cheeky low star
chick you want to send me the rounds
just weren't word of the day like text
me Street classic Astaroth down back one
what are these cheeky followed by
naughty run all the tactics yeah Raphael
became a vampire everyone so Calvin
Wickery or four things for I know
actually all right out of 20 why was a
cheeky low white betapace qualifying
games recently one is
Marvin great final against jay-z to show
you organize your ex show the rush Oh
garbage Sammy silly a good thirty five
percent just off the grab alone oh nice
that we do this and I'm gonna stop I'm
gonna do that right like working that
God flashing red isn't all right I zone
is our turn the good measure cheeky
thought so it looked like it was going
to be Vedas he was up to one and then I
move assessing let me yeah but that move
arranged well I characters can't reach
the hit him out of it because you got
back fellas got good grades at home yeah
but you've got to react as well and if
you're part way for a move and he hits
you plus when he charges it like that it
becomes a mids as well so you can't even
duck it oh nice swift kick
a full range fireball at bein nice take
my order now JP grab grabs quite
prominent in this game especially the
end of the round right when you grab
someone you can hold guard and mash one
of a or b and you will always tech that
whatever throw you imagine it's so
strange series artículo I've all being
good with question gonna spend playing
goalie X launching into graph goes white
wake up on that on yellow oh my god is
that punish you can slide that Isaac it
out but you know in the middle of a
match Oh to todds hey white
working that guard oh come on out will
be out no oh that's like who's that out
of six rounds three of them will ring
out fuck you know what a fun game